>> Jon Kuperman: I mentioned there's this
cool relationship between the elements and
the console.
And one of the things about that is you'll
often select something visually and
you want to play with it.
You want to see what API's
are available on it, or whatever.
So open up the dev tools,
go to the Elements panel,
select any element that you want.
And then you can either go
to the console manually or
you can hit escape to open
up the console drawer.
Just for visibility I will
go to the console manually.
So with nav selected I go to the console,
I hit dollar zeros.
That's my currently selected item and
that brings up the nav in here.
And it goes a few numbers back,
I think maybe three.
So if I go back to elements I
select a new element wrapper.
I go back to console, dollar zero will
be wrapper, but dollar one is still nav.
And so this is kind of a way that you can
just, the thing that you want to do is
bring something into the console and
call something on it, right?
Call add class on it, or get element
by ID, or something like that on it.
And so the way to kind of do that is click
on an element and then you can use that
custom dollar zero, dollar one.
>> Speaker 2: You can wrap,
if you've already jQuery injected,
you can just wrap it with another dollar
sign.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah,
another cool thing is, yeah,
dollar, dollar, dollar.
Another cool thing that actually reminds
me of is that the Dev Tools provide
jQuery-like selectors on every page,
even if you don't have jQuery.
I have this "class" equals "nav", and
then I can see that this provides me with
that normal dollar sign that I'm used to.
So I can do ".nav" and it actually gives
me the thing, which is pretty cool.
So, you can do jQuery, I guess jQuery is
sort of falling out of fashion sadly.
But if anybody really likes their jQuery
selectors you can use them in Dev Tools
on any page.
Even if it's not serving jQuery
you can still get those.
So, there's a couple of custom
little shortcuts that we'll learn.
These are just two of them so
you can do the jQuery style selectors and
you can do the $0 to bring in element
from elements into the console.